hey Sasha you i'm going to start
all over again move where you hold up
go hey Sasha your phone network news to
come we're over here at computex at the
nan Gong Hall its day 0 of computex
we've been sneaking on the show already
and after we just published three hours
ago the project kal-el newest demo we're
taking a look at some type of two
platforms over here that's the ace
iconia tab a100 we solved for the very
first time doing mobile world congress
in barcelona and it was wanting i think
android 2.1 at that time this is now a
gingerbread version and we heard already
the news that it seems that a stir kinda
ditched honeycomb or kind of kind of
shifted the release date for this device
and that's why we can see only a
gingerbread it's a two point three point
one version over here of the iconia tab
which is a 7-inch tablet I think it's
you know I'm not sure about the
resolution should be 1024 x 600 Tegra 2
1 gigabyte of ram it comes with 16
gigabyte and 32 gigabyte SSD that
definitely looks more like a production
sample and the one we saw doing mobile
world congress let's take a quick look
around the device we have our headset
jack over here there's a power button
it's nothing on the bottom there's a
little reset button that looks to me
like the speakers as a mini hdmi and
that's for a docking station or
connector micro USB and we have a volume
control over here that seems to me to
turn up the accelerometer and we have a
couple of maybe a future UMTS module
micro sim was sim card and the SD card
slot besides that just to show you a
little bit about the performance of a
Tegra 2 platform this Riptide GP just
got released at the tag razon about a
week ago or seven days ago I really love
this game just downloading it okay let's
take a quick look
and let's start racing so you can see
how cool the performance of a Tegra 2
device is in these days and especially
take a look at the okay let's skip it
here you see the water reflection and
the accelerometer is very zippy well
this works out so there are no
framedrops at all that's a brand you've
gained that you can get on the TegraZone
I think it's like 499 US dollars so this
is really fast graphics look great and
yeah this tablet should be in the market
I think in q3 this year and in terms of
pricing think this starts below 350
years dollars so it'd definitely be a
bargain that's the new acer iconia tab
a100 on social for netbook news.com /
you at the Computex thanks for watching